### March 16, 5010: Cog-nizance {Intro}

Silence swept a vast monochrome land. Such was to be expected in a world that had been fiddled with by the fingers of man who profess their putatively significant titles to be that of God. It was man who created a new form of a vitality that whirred and clicked--one of which would lead to the ultimate seal of fate. Man concocted such great things leading up to the interval that took the blissfully ignorant by perplexity. It was unrequited thirst for advantage that snaked its slippery unkempt digits around the frigid hearts of man. Hence, came the crave to create advanced machines that internally bear cogs that could twirl infinitely rather than hearts that could feel for a fleeting whisper in the vast stretch that is the illusion dubbed time. Those who harbored power didn’t halt with ease; perfection was bluntly attainable if they pressed mind over matter. It was a solid prong of leverage to create many good things in the gradually advancing future. Nevertheless, man gauged good to be a concept of the feeble. Man wanted to be absolutely robust--and with such technology surfacing, the cogs began to pivot within their nefarious minds. They wanted to fabricate machines with a penchant for war to be wagered against those they deemed unworthy of life in accord with their personal standards. As such was executed, but ultimately backfired on humanity. The advancement of technology granted such mechanical beasts with a disgusting mock of sentience. Damnation broke out as the remaining tendrils between man and machine were clipped. Machines commenced a merciless purge when their mainframes identified a human to be amid their hollow optics. The turbulence cast man into a hysteria of fear; effects that entailed were actions reminiscent of petrified children. To rid of the mechanical maw closing in on the man that had conceived it, nuclear fallout proceeded to unfurl its jet black wings over nation to nation. This day was recollected to have been titled as the Only Solution.

Though, time isn’t solitary in the current state of the world despite how it’s now an infertile, gray, wasteland. Few machines still wander the leveled ghost towns. The echoes of their large, metallic physiques hiss and whir to intimidate the mere shadows of the fleshy vitality. But time was also keen to noting to the immensely frail whisper--it was evident that there was the slightest selection of humanity left.
