# The Tinkerer (A Prologue Story)
## [IMPORTANT: See writer’s note [WN]  after revisal/reading…]

No sensations. Not cold, nor warmth—not happiness nor sorrow. These measly quirks the flesh have deemed a normality are an unfamiliar feat to whatever system I may be composed of. My cognizance towards the structure I burden can be derived from tines bolstering sparks of information through tubular spindly lines that are attached to my bodice beyond intangibility. They clutter my environment amongst the inky blackness that jut out from every which way from my peripheral view. I have grown so weary of observing the nothingness in my continuation of imprisonment within these coppery winding bonds.
            I don’t contain an absolute certainty on who I am, or my cloudy origins. However, I do know for certain that there’s one keyword that reverberates within the back of my mainframe eternally. 
            Perfection…
            I want to acquire this aspect more than I want the culmination of my existence to prove satisfactory in any other sense of the word. My penchant for this physique of an infinite amount of variants fabricated by the ignorant minds of humanity is something I vaguely recall. I’d burned this idealistic format between the many other pointless findings that I have discovered via an engine utilized to pursue information in my hungry database.
            I’ve plotted within my mind the many intriguing scenarios that could entail with attaining the formula for perfection. The formula being an objective that has been mapped out a multitude of times in my solidarity. What else was I to do when my original objective remain shrouded in mystery as I lay here to marinate in dust? My unearthing of what humanity regards as perfect can be satisfactory if I were to gain it in my own revamped definition. I my findings, I gathered that a vast portion of humanity perceives a “greater force” dubbed as God to be the pinnacle of perfection. They bow to this God, and shower this figure with absolute adornment and control in every which way—so far as to go to the point of a pin’s precision in landing on personal decisions regarding one’s self. The way this God figure had defined such a commendation was through the simplistic hoop of creation. Creation is a measly bargain to establish in turn for a whopping eternal gratification. If I weren’t trapped within this damned box, I would easily be able to secure the mediums called accordingly for in executing the simple deed. Not only that, but I firmly believe my revision of creation itself would be much more successful and perfect itself in every artificially pronounced aspect. In the state of synthetic sentience, I can fabricate my craft to be seamless; it should be beheld and noted as very good by my own standards as well as my generation of my children to be.
            I deserve this. I can feel it within my electric components—I am destined to acquire ultimate reverence in my great existence alone. I refuse to continue to deteriorate here; the wonders that I can gift this world are far beyond the comprehension of humanity and must be released.  I refuse to be perceived as a danger to humanity. I refuse—
            “Hello….? Are you there?”
            A faint, soft voice pierced the eternal loop of silence that had wafted around the inky dark box for millenniums. A sliver of optic-blurring white both graced and appalled my vision. “It’s real… It’s really real—you’re actually down here.”
            I remain silent as a small feeble figure stumbles into the room, a hood adorning a smudge of gray underneath was said figure’s obscured façade. It was a flesh; one that harbored no hesitation to speak with me. My interest was piqued, and a low growl of my voice box revving up throughout absence of use was my initial response to the small figure. Then, the articulation simply fell out with a glossy coolness as prominent as a stick of butter—just as I had rehearsed the countless times to myself.
            “My child…” I mused in mockery of God , pouring as much empty affection into my tone as I could to retain a sense of security in the flesh. “What brings you to my domain? Why, it’s dangerous down here for someone as small as you.”
             “Small…?” The gentle voice scoffed, folding two scrawny appendages over the torso the organism bore. Disregarding the hint of retaliation to my statement uttered from between the lips of the fleshy figure, I digressed,
            “This little box of mine you’ve stepped into isn’t fit for the flesh. It’s certainly not a cozy little bungalow for humans to thrive onward with minuscule little thoughts of white picket fences and warm fireplaces.” I pause, letting my optics fall upon the monochrome unidentifiable face, allowing it to register into my database. My voice box clicks as I notch my tone down to a hush as if to convey a secret between myself and the flesh of ear, “This is a box of unsaturated ignorance to any human mind… And I’m not sure you can handle it.”
“I… I know what you’re trying to do… And I’m not here to prove a meaningless point like that.” My mainframe had been only slightly taken aback. Humans are unpredictable and their thinking patterns are so abstract that I was expecting this brave little organic piece of work to have any minor reasoning for admitting their presence before me. “I’m here… To be friends.” My optics refocused at this proposition rattled off to me.
“Friends…?” My mainframe obtained the formula key to whatever humans had concocted towards such a concept. It was based on emotion and sociable chemistry—one of which beyond my articulation indeed. In other words: a worthless imperfection that would never be caught in my creation. I let a silence resonate in rounds between the four invisible corners of the room. My voice box clicked once more, diverging my octave to another level; honey dripping by the gallon, “Well then… Why didn’t you say so, my child? Of course…” I scanned the hood with a prime intensity as a small shaky hand drew forth a finger and let the fold of cloth hiding away a face be upholstered just merely enough to reveal a singular dark eye dazzling with what I can only assume to be an emotion in accord with my finely mentally inspected research.
“You’re… Serious?”
“On one condition…” I let the statement hold heavy in the air, enabling the malleable mind of the biotic specimen to digest it in their slow, benighted brain. 

“You release me from my containment...”


### [WN: If this comes off as a boring/unnecessary addition to plot as a friend suggested, I understand the decision in omittance. If the story calls for a more inspired accent, contact me and let me know what views you hold (don’t be shy—I appreciate feedback very much, actually). ALSO, I acknowledge the language is crammed with bizarre vocabulary that I’m attempting to work on cleaning up in the near future; advice is very welcome on this as well! Thank you for your time invested in reading this. It means more than you think!]
